[CIVIS-9525] correlate ci cd docs (#22303)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_delivery/deployments/ciproviders.md

        - run: datadog-ci deployment mark ...
    ```

> ## Correlate deployments with CI pipelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Visualize correlated pipelines and deployments
```

Reviewer: Suggesting to reword this section to more accurately describe its content. However, I'm open to feedback on this as well.

Author: Makes sense to me as there is no additional action needed for the customer to make it happen in this case

> This is done by default so there is no action needed. See the section ["visualize correlated pipelines and deployments"][18] to see how the visualization looks in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, deployments are correlated with CI pipelines. See the [Visualize correlated pipelines and deployments][15] section on the CD Visibility page for an example.
```

Reviewer: I'll add the link, since GitHub will not allow me to make a suggestion on that section

Author: Thanks! I copy pasted it and did not notice
